Q: Some people think that art is essential subject for children at school while others think it is a waste of time.
Discuss both sides and give your opinion.
A: https://www.ieltsonlinepractice.com/ielts-writing-task-2-model-answer-some-people-think-that-art-is-essential-subject/

Art could be an essential part for individuals to grow at all levels of life. However, the question lies at what age it should be embibed in one, at school age, or is it a waste and it shouldn't be a mandatory subject? In my opinion, it should be a mandatory subjects for students due to the fact that things like morals, religion if not rooted in rudumantry plans then they it would be very difficult for a child to adapt it to a later on stage.

Sometimes teaching art lingers many other important lessons. Despite of facts, arts is important but other activities which also must be learned in childhood have high priorities. MOreover, if a child uses the essential time in their extra studies then he can reaches to the peaks of success. And this makes its subjects grip more tight. for example: famous mathematician Aryabhatta, studies maths as its hobby instad as a subject to score numbers. Also, Einstein, passionately persues science which lead him be famous in world like this and no one would have ask him about his cultures and arts. There are numerous examples which shows studies are most important and rest other things just diverts a childs concentration.

However, if a child is rooted from its origin in its initial phases. Then, no matter he excells in any of the fields, above all he will be a good person. Moral values like: never cheat, chivallary, polite, respect others, would make a person known to everyone and not only the studies. Arts and cultures will add values to a person's characterstics. All the above famous personalities would have been with good cultures and morals else they wouldn't be known to everyone.

As to conclude, according to me arts and its cultures should be a mandatory subject in a child's schooling life. As this will help in atleast becoming a good person.



