Q: topics 2: http://ieltsliz.com/100-ielts-essay-questions/art/
A: 

As being a responsible citizen of the country, the choice of promoting arts and culture is a personal choice and it depends on person to person. However, now science and technology leading the way in such a way, that arts have been fall back a lot behind. However, the question emerges that how one can make arts a fun loving activity in comparison to the upcoming things like: science and technology and more. ? In my opinion, we can make arts and culture more interesting  by its representation and the way of exploring, so people could be more keen to know more.

Making arts more interesting would be little challenging, due to the facts many of the things is already been revealed to many and thus binding people to already known things would be difficult. However, representing the same information in different ways would create excitement and new interest. For example: now days new sketch of Lord Hanuman creates a new craze with kids and adults both as they have seen the old pictures of Hanuman as bulky character, but nowdays if we compare, the new hanuman have very muscular physique, long hair and many more. Similarly if we provide a new presentation to our existing arts, this would help us to change many people mind set.

Secondly, arts and its hidden secrets always attract people which makes arts as more explorable and gives us an edge to promote it easily. Every country have plenty of unexplored sacred places or places known to fewer people. So if we promote those places via messages, emails, pamphlets or verbal communication, then definitely people would more participate in such activities. Which will lead everyone knowing their roots and cultures more deeply. And through this our heritage of arts remains stronger.

Finally, concluding the given facts in the passage, we can encourage people to get their keen interest in arts by many ways. All we need is just the right and positive attitude. Despite of the facts, the more newer things like: science, technology and business may cross our paths and adapting these to keep up the pace in the world is also important, but we should not hold back our arts and culture. As they will teach us many important lessons which lead us to be a better and successful person in life.
